tickets please tickets please three
snacks please you're a top three snacks
you're a top three snacks
oh those Thunder lizards late again what
do they have against me after everything
I've done for them I swear if they're
not here soon I'll turn them into
Thunder burgers hi Sammy
yo Sam oh here they are
my little blunder lizards a little
behind schedule or what
hey Sammy give us a break yes Sam it's
not easy carrying these instruments over
tall mountains and through mucky swamps
oh I really feel for you
besides that supposed to be Peters job
where is that lazy winging beatnik
someone talking about gotta fly
anyway thunder brains just make sure
you're on time for this show
listening William huh hey Dina and Desi
keep an eye on that boy you heart Sammy
you little squirt don't go blowing this
concert for us yes Billy
and don't do any 360-degree backflips
while transversing volcanic Peaks don't
worry about me - Dino fest the greatest
continent dinosaur history I'd like to
introduce our first group here they are
the beautiful brunette
hey it's this blended Deena and dizzy
what's up my lizard Oh Peter I can't
find Billy anywhere last time I saw that
wild reptile he was headed towards Mount
fire wait'll I get my hands on that
little creep in the Mount fire area
avoid mouth fire repeat avoid Mount fire
oh no my poor little pow Oh Peter please
find fili Peter Peter
I hope I can find that tune in time
hey Billy
come on Peter let's move my fans are
waiting
it's in the contract right here in black
and white
you've got to go on Billy or no Billy I
am sorry Sammy we can't we are the
thunderlizards
that means Tina desi and Billy oh please
be reasonable my career will be the
group you've been waiting for
pirates damn my quiver
tickets please tickets please please get
two red hot three snacks please enter a
top three snacks please enter a top
three snacks